"Firstly, I extracted the dataset from the web"I then created a copy of the data to perform operations on itI then had an overview of the data that I extractedThe next thing I performed is to remove the duplicate values using select all data->data->remove duplicates option in ecxelThere were 26 duplicate values that are found and are removed"Some values in the marital_status column and the gender column are same. So, I changed the values in the marital_status from ""M"" to ""Married"" using the find and replace option(CTRL+H)"I have chnaged the values of some more cells the same way as I did in the previous stepnow I want to categorize the people based on their age for much easier understanding and working"so, I used the if() formula to categorize the people using their age into ""Adolescent"" if <31 else ""Invalid"".""iam further using an if with the already existing if for further categoring people based on their age as ""middle age"" if >=31.""iam further using an if with the already existing 2 if's for further categoring people based on their age as ""Old"" if >54."Then I created a new file as pivot table in which I will be creating the Pivot Tables with the help of the cleaned data.I then created a pivot table of the average income of the people and whether they purchased a bike or not and created a column chart for it.I created a pivot table for the commuting distance and the purchased bikes as either yes or no and inserted a line chart for it."now I want to arrange the commute distance in an ordered manner. So, I am changing the 10+ miles to more than 10 miles in my existing data so that I can use the sort option for the commute distance column."I then created more pivot tables using the data."now I created a new file named ""Dasboard"" In which I copied and pasted all the pivot tables that I previously created.""once after creating the overview of the dashboard, I theninserted more slicers and then reported connections to those slicers with all the pivot tables in the dashboard."